My Friend Alex.

The sky is clear tonight. Even though the city is pulsing with life,
and light pollution, the sky out and up there seems dark. A light
choking black inverse chasm, sometimes caressed by stars; a dark
purity that is seldomly tainted by the moon or clouds. The apartment
lights shine. The road lights shine. They both protest this. Pink,
red, green neon lights on banners weave a visual cacophony that
attracts drunkards like moths to flame. The bass frequencies of drum
beats and synthesizers can be heard through the concrete. The citie's
skin covering its heart.

A couple keep a steady pace, and come to a halt, then slowly converge
towards the growing crowd. An older man, a woman, a small group of
teens. They come closer, but the tape specifies clear bounds. The
crowd whispers, talks, painfully, and silently cries, as each of its
shifting parts all come to the same reminder of the human
condition. There is the smell of Vini's pizza in the air, as is cheap,
overcooked coffee that you can feel your stomach go sour just by the
thought of a cup. Screens try to pound ideas into your head with
visuals, sound, smiles, and forgettable phrases. Cars whir by slowly,
as the pedestrians create too much entropy for the drivers. Gray smoke
from my cigarette makes its way up, eventually fading out, and
vanishing and becoming one with the night; the cigarette, and break is
over.

John Doe's head was smashed in by a fire extinguisher. His face was an
inverted dome. Much like the chasm, you could not see too much in the
center anymore. A shallow pool of blood in the middle, but no longer
any stars. It takes some effort to smash in a skull, which seems that
the perpetrator had some deep rooted grudge. The extinguisher must
have been swung into Doe's face repeatedly. Flesh being cut by the force,
and bones cracking. Pleas for life. Eventually a gurggle from the
collapsing cranial structures. Last bodily convulsions for a minute or
so. Silence.

Red, blue, red, blue, red, blue. My coworkers are here. They seem
tired but not tense. Scooping up Johnnie here, in the middle of the
night, is not exactly what you would want any day. They're relaxed
considering it's not gang related, as there were incidents where gang
members would drive up after one of their buddies got recycled by
opposing fronts, shoot, and leave. The crowd can't exactly see John,
but still stirs as a faceless entity. Soon the newshounds will be
here, and that complicates matters. There was once an incident that a
journo almost compromised evidence just for a scoop. Some of the
entity's particles leave, and diffuse just like smoke. There is a lady
in the ambulance. A blanket rests on her. Her makeup writes a story
about her and Johnny down her face. Her mascara ends abruptly slightly
lower on her cheekbones. She tries to avoid looking at the asphalt. A
paramedic is monitoring her, while she is being asked questions. She
is having trouble answering the questions. She is having trouble.

What did you do Johnny? Why did you make a lady like that cry? Who did
you know, or accidentally touch that would bash your face in such a
fit of fury like that? He really did a number on you, you know? It
will take some time, but these questions will be definetely answered
to. The most meticulous crimes have always had slip-ups, causing the
criminal to be caught. An extinguisher is not meticulous. Photographs
are taken, questions are asked. As much as it is possible the
paramedic is trying to comfort the lady. A bag is unzipped and Johnny
feels its embrace. They leave together, the lady watching in
tears. Soon the crowd is reduced in numbers. The ambulances leave. The
cops leave. Just like a spark, or a firework, everyone was drawn near,
but eventually lose interest and forget. I, as well, vanish into the
night.
